Revise event iteration and super-dense time instant handling (#2176)
modelica/fmi-standard: docs/2_3_common_states.adoc

NOTE: The event mode may consist of several super-dense time instants.
Each super-dense time instant represents a distinct event occurring at the same simulation time.

> If any event originating from the continuous time mode (for a ME FMU) resp. step mode (for a CS FMU) is present, it is recommended that its event iteration gets handled during the first super-dense time instant.

Author: ```suggestion
If any non-clocked event is present, it is recommended that its event iteration gets handled during the first super-dense time instant.
```

Author: Hans: in Modelica we would handle the clocks fist, and not iterate on the clocks.
Elmir: What about the "not iterate on the clocks" in Modelica.
Hans: For non clocked-part you can have a cascade of events (e.g. for multiple clutches) in an event iteration.
Christian: what about triggered clocks in Modelica?
Hans: they exist also. You have to wait until they are triggered.

> If any event originating from the continuous time mode (for a ME FMU) resp. step mode (for a CS FMU) is present, it is recommended that its event iteration gets handled during the first super-dense time instant.

Author: ```suggestion
```

Each super-dense time instant concludes with a call to <<fmi3UpdateDiscreteStates>>.
Super-dense time instants that handle <<time-based-clock, time-based Clocks>> are initiated by setting the corresponding Clocks using <<fmi3SetClock>>.
No further constraints are imposed on the activation of <<time-based-clock, time-based Clocks>> (for example, activation during the first instant of a super-dense time, the order of handling multiple clocks, or handling multiple Clocks within the same super-dense time instant).

> If the semantics of certain Clocks require specific handling — such as simultaneous activation within the same super-dense time instant — this must be ensured by the importer.

Author: ```suggestion
If the semantics of certain Clocks require specific handling — such as simultaneous activation within the same super-dense time instant — this should be ensured by the importer.
```

NOTE: The event mode may consist of several super-dense time instants.
Each super-dense time instant represents a distinct event occurring at the same simulation time.

> If any event originating from the continuous time mode (for a ME FMU) resp. step mode (for a CS FMU) is present, it is recommended that its event iteration be performed during the first super-dense time instant.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If any event originating from the continuous time mode (for a ME FMU) resp. step mode (for a CS FMU) is present, it is recommended that its event iteration gets handled during the first super-dense time instant.
```

Each super-dense time instant concludes with a call to <<fmi3UpdateDiscreteStates>>.
Super-dense time instants that handle <<time-based-clock, time-based Clocks>> are initiated by setting the corresponding Clocks using <<fmi3SetClock>>.
No further constraints are imposed on the activation of <<time-based-clock, time-based Clocks>> (for example, activation during the first instant of a super-dense time, the order of handling multiple clocks, or handling multiple Clocks within the same super-dense time instant).

> If the semantics of certain Clocks require specific handling—such as simultaneous activation within the same super-dense time instant—this must be ensured by the importer.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the semantics of certain Clocks require specific handling — such as simultaneous activation within the same super-dense time instant — this must be ensured by the importer.
```
